hey guys so as you guys know we've been
getting a lot of brands reaching out to
us lately and so we don't know which
ones to accept so we just did them all
who doesn't love a good product
placement would you like it to read over
my question sure have you ever hosted a
party before no really yeah well you
know what I use hmm great value premium
Forks they're reliably strong and
perfect for entertaining this is a joke
clusters 48 of them okay a crunch so
good you could hardly resist Doritos oh
yeah I just wondering are you sick and
tired of your phone bill no good dude oh
well you should try t-mobile simply
prepaid I already have two mobile well
this is prepaid because it comes in
three different options starting at $40
a month oh good I already pay about 40
oh well if you want to pay $60 a month
you can do that okay thanks buddy
okay appreciate it though have you guys
seen any new movies recently by by any
chance no oh well I would highly
recommend seeing the minions movie it
just came out it's from the creators of
Despicable Me it's pretty hilarious and
while you're watching the minions you
could enjoy some minions popcorn as well
no I just really like it you know they
didn't pay me or anything to say this
minions out now
and II anyways hi excuse me I just
running is there uh they sell coffee
over here sure yeah yeah oh good it's
getting really cold outside I wish
there's a way I can make my own blanket
as well oh wow
Lion Brand yarns is made right here in
our own United States of America huh
they come in so many different colors
lion Brand yarns
is there any good places to eat around
here by any chance
yeah de yeah like somewhere to get some
food do you need a table to see ye or
yea I potentially may need a table to
eat my finding Dory sweet and cereal
with marshmallows but this mountain Dew
kickstart is pretty good as well with my
minions t-shirt so I don't know just
whatever you think are you from you are
you from I'm from Beijing Charmin ultra
strong it cleans better ah so clean and
so fresh
Oh would you like a sample you know yeah
I should I'm not gonna say no whoops
okay there you go and keep in mind that
four rolls actually equals eight regular
rolls
oh okay definitely keep that huh all
right on sale now Walmart a quick
question do you know what goes perfect
with lunch
no doritos nacho cheese the chip that
has the crunch and the taste mm-hmm
tried to read us today oh oh no really
thank you oh yeah if you guys had a
rough morning not too rough it's been
good
Oh because if you're looking to kick
start your morning try Mountain Dew
kickstart okay ah yeah all right uh
thanks for watching the video guys hope
you liked it if you did make sure to
leave a like um do you guys have
anything you want to say the people out
there getting more good information yeah
and we are not sponsored by any of these
companies by the way yeah so anybody
wants to sponsor us hit us up and we'll
see you guys next week